FUM-3033-waf-module-refactor (#4)
tx-pts-dai/terraform-aws-waf: README.md

```HCL
module "waf" {

>   source = "./terraform-aws-waf"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source = "tx-pts-dai/waf/aws"
  version = "~> 0.x"
```

      priority = 20
    },
    {
      name     = "aws_managed_rule_high_limit"
      labels   = ["awswaf:managed:aws:anonymous-ip-list:HostingProviderIPList"]
      limit    = 750
      priority = 21
    },
  ]
  count_requests_from_ch = false
  country_rates = [
    { name          = "Group_1-CH"
      limit         = 50000
      country_codes = ["CH"]
      priority      = 30
    },
    { name          = "Group_2-DE_AT_FR"
      limit         = 4000
      country_codes = ["AT", "FR", "DE"]
      priority      = 31
    },
    { name          = "Very_slow"
      limit         = 100
      country_codes = ["AR", "BD", "BR", "KH", "CN", "CO", "EC", "IN", "ID", "MX", "NP", "PK", "RU", "SG", "TR", "UA", "AE", "ZM", "VN"]
      priority      = 35
    }
  ]
  everybody_else_limit = 0
  limit_search_requests_by_countries = {
    limit         = 100
    country_codes = ["CH"]
  }
  block_uri_path_string     = []
  block_articles            = []
  block_regex_pattern       = {}
  enable_logging            = false
  deploy_athena_queries     = true
  logs_bucket_name_override = null
}

```

> For a list of all variables please refer to: [terraform-dock](terraform-docs.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of all variables please refer to [the terraform-docs](terraform-docs.md) of the module
```
